Split display widgets documentation (#4101)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/images.rst

- **dither** (*Optional*): Specifies which dither method used to process the image, only used in GRAYSCALE and BINARY type image. Defaults to ``NONE``. You can read more about it `here <https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/Image.html?highlight=Dither#PIL.Image.Image.convert>`__ and `here <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dither>`__.

  - ``NONE``: Every pixel convert to its nearest color.
  - ``FLOYDSTEINBERG``: Uses Floyd-Steinberg dither to approximate the original image luminosity levels.

.. note::

    To use images you will need to have the python ``pillow`` package installed.
    If you're running this as a Home Assistant add-on or with the official ESPHome docker image, it should already be

>     installed. Otherwise you need to install it using ``pip install pillow``.
>     Additionally, if you want to use SVG images (including MDI images), you will additionally need to have the python ``cairosvg`` package installed.
>     If you're running this as a Home Assistant add-on or with the official ESPHome docker image, it should also already be
>     installed. Otherwise you need to install it using ``pip install cairosvg``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    installed.
    Additionally, if you want to use SVG images (including MDI images), you will additionally need to have the python ``cairosvg`` package installed.
    
    Use ``pip install "esphome[displays]"`` to install these optional dependencies with
    the versions that ESPHome requires.
```

  - ``RGB24``: Full RGB color stored. Uses 3 bytes per pixel.
  - ``RGBA``: Full RGB color stored. Uses 4 bytes per pixel. Any pixel with an alpha value < 127 will not be drawn.

- **use_transparency** (*Optional*): If set the alpha channel of the input image will be taken into account, and pixels with alpha < 127 will not be drawn. For image types without explicit alpha channel, the color (0, 0, 1) (very dark blue) will be mapped to black, to be able to store transparency information within the image. Explicitly transparent types (``TRANSPARENT_BINARY`` and ``RGBA``) default to ``True`` and cannot be set to ``False``; other types default to ``False``.

- **dither** (*Optional*): Specifies which dither method used to process the image, only used in GRAYSCALE and BINARY type image. Defaults to ``NONE``. You can read more about it `here <https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/Image.html?highlight=Dither#PIL.Image.Image.convert>`__ and `here <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dither>`__.

  - ``NONE``: Every pixel convert to its nearest color.
  - ``FLOYDSTEINBERG``: Uses Floyd-Steinberg dither to approximate the original image luminosity levels.

.. note::

>     To use images you will need to have the python ``pillow`` package installed.
>     If you're running this as a Home Assistant add-on or with the official ESPHome docker image, it should already be
>     installed.
>     Additionally, if you want to use SVG images (including MDI images), you will additionally need to have the python ``cairosvg`` package installed.
>     
>     Use ``pip install "esphome[displays]"`` to install these optional dependencies with
>     the versions that ESPHome requires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To use images you will need to have the python ``pillow`` package installed.
    Additionally, if you want to use SVG images (including MDI images), you will
    additionally need to have the python ``cairosvg`` package installed.

    If you're running this as a Home Assistant add-on or with the official ESPHome docker image, it should already be installed.

    Use ``pip install "esphome[displays]"`` to install these optional dependencies with
    the versions that ESPHome requires.
```
